hey SV desk 11 to smarter every day
so most women get pregnancy photos and a
couple months later look at him and say
what the heck was I thinking but I've
decided to bring my wife here to a 50th
and in warehouse yeah it is a spooky
abandoned warehouse and there's a guy
named Wes Whaley and he is a light
painter or the best one I've ever seen
anyway he lives close to me so I
contacted I said hey can you do some
pregnancy photos for me anyway so today
on smarter every day we're going to
teach you about light painting excited
behold the sexiest pregnancy photo ever
made
you
okay so this is your camera shutter and
the camera shutter opens to reveal an
image sensor and this image sensor is
made up of several pixels now any time
photonic energy hits the image sensor
the sensor converts this light energy
into electrical energy so we're going to
illustrate that by blasting me with
photons so he bless you some red photons
all right there you go keep blasting
away so as she's blasting I'm gonna take
these yeah sure
this red and green photon energy and
good jump I'm going to slowly deposit
this yellow light which is red and green
mix into the top-left corner here so
basically all the energy that goes into
the image sensor as long as it gets
there before I close the shutter and
that's what your image is going to look
so you can see we have some red and blue
but up here we have yellow which is a
mixture of green and red so that's how
light painting works you expose the
sensor you add light as if it's paint on
a canvas and then you close the shutter
now the one flaw in my metaphor here is
a real shutter doesn't open like this
last week with the Phantom high-speed
camera I showed you that the shutter
opens from one side and then it closes
from the same side the reason it does
that is you want uniform exposure on all
the pixels so talk about the sensor now
so there's two main types of image
sensor the first one is a charged couple
device or CCD now see see these are a
uniform and all they do is they say are
you doing with a particle waveform
analogy there can I have more okay oh
that's a good one this is blue all right
so life is a particle and a wave so as
the light comes in here and hits the
sensor you get an output voltage that's
how CCD works however a CMOS sensor
which is a complementary
metal-oxide-semiconductor is a little
bit more complicated it has onboard
circuitry that processes each individual
pixel as it's being exposed so the
problems with this is that you end up
having a little bit more noise and it's
a little bit more expensive to make
these chips however they're getting
really good at factoring all this stuff
out so see see these are typically used
for really low noise applications really
low cost CMOS chips are usually used in
things that need to have a very tight
form factor so a lot of stuff is done on
the chip itself and you don't have to
have exhilarates arcade boards so as you
look at the rest of the West's work here
just think about this as the sensor is
exposed it doesn't matter when the light
gets there if you have a 3 watt laser
over here that blasts for a nanosecond
it might be equivalent to a really low
power LED dimly shining over here that's
why you can light paint without actually
showing up in the image
learn more about Wes and what he does
just go to the video description down
below and click on the link going to his
Flickr page he's got a lot of cool stuff
on there and I chose not to video some
of the stuff he does he's a little
mysterious and I don't want to give up
the secret sauce but if you want try to
figure it out just go check him out
contacted get smarter every day have it
going hey all the songs that have been
used in smarter every day videos so far
are all together in one album I'll put
the info in the video description
here you go ahead don't you forgot you
can't laser than tie LEDs to your dog
then you can shine a laser make the dog
chase the laser you get a good image
that way there's all kinds of good stuff